Open Source Readyness (#4218)
input-output-hk/ouroboros-network: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. The TOFU approach: put in the wrong hash and then Nix will tell you the correct one, which you can copy in.
2. Calculate the hash with `nix-shell -p nix-prefetch-git --run 'nix-prefetch-git <URL> <COMMIT_HASH>'`

## Roles and Responsibilities

Maintainers of each package are listed in the corresponding `*.cabal` file.

> We maintain [CODEOWNERS file][CODEOWNERS] which provides information who should

Reviewer: maintain -> maintain a

review your code if it touches given projects.  Note that you need to

> acquire reviews from all code owners (even though github doesn't give a way to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
get approvals from all code owners (even though GitHub doesn't give a way to
```

Author: Fixed.

enforce it).

For general architectural overview of the network code contact either:
@coot or @dcoutts.

> For genereal architecutral overview of the consensus code contact either:

Reviewer: architecutral -> architectural

> @dnadales or @nfrisby.

Reviewer 2: I will be simply relaying questions to others.

Reviewer: That's OK - we just need to identify the maintainers as a point of principle - these can be changed later
